Add a countdown for slow mode and timeouts (#6782)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

> - Major: Added a countdown timer to the input box to show when you can chat again during slow mode or after a timeout. (#6782)

Reviewer: Added instructions for how to enable the feature, and changed the type from Major to Minor
```suggestion
- Minor: Added a countdown timer to the input box to show when you can chat again during slow mode or after a timeout. This feature is disabled by default, and can be enabled with the "Show countdown on slow mode or when timed out" setting. (#6782)
```

> - Major: Added a countdown timer to the input box to show when you can chat again during slow mode or after a timeout. (#11804)

Reviewer: number should be your PR #

Author: Whoops, wrong thing on the clipboard, fixed.
